Risk Disclaimer.

Trading in any financial market involves substantial risk, and there is always the potential for loss. Your trading results may vary. 
No representation is being made that any associated advice or training will guarantee profits, or not result in losses from trading.

Neither this product, any explanation or demonstration of its operation, nor any training held in conjunction therewith, including, without limitation, 
through blogs or forums, in conjunction with any advertising and promotional campaigns should be construed as providing a trade recommendation or the giving of investment advice.  

All content on this website is for informational purposes only.

Before deciding to invest in foreign exchange (or any other financial market), you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, 
and risk threshold. You could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment, and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. 
You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent certified financial adviser if you have any doubts.

Your success in using the information or strategies provided in this website depends on a variety of factors. The Author has no way of knowing how well you will do, as 
he does not know you, your background, your work ethic, your dedication, your motivation, your desire, or your business skills or practices. Therefore, he does not guarantee 
or imply that you will get rich, that you will do as well, or that you will have any earnings at all. Businesses and earnings derived there from involve unknown risks and are 
not suitable for everyone. You may not rely on any information presented in this website or otherwise provided by the Author, unless you do so with the knowledge and 
understanding that you can experience significant losses.

CFTC RULE 4.41 – HYPOTHETICAL OR SIMULATED PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE CERTAIN LIMITATIONS. UNLIKE AN ACTUAL PERFORMANCE RECORD, SIMULATED RESULTS DO NOT REPRESENT ACTUAL TRADING. 
ALSO, SINCE THE TRADES HAVE NOT BEEN EXECUTED, THE RESULTS MAY HAVE UNDER-OR-OVER COMPENSATED FOR THE IMPACT, IF ANY, OF CERTAIN MARKET FACTORS, SUCH AS LACK OF LIQUIDITY. 
SIMULATED TRADING PROGRAMS IN GENERAL ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO THE FACT THAT THEY ARE DESIGNED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT 
WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFIT OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN.

Materials in this website may contain information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities litigation reform act of 1995. 
Forward-looking statements give the Authors expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to 
historical or current facts. They use words such as “anticipate”, “estimate”, “expect”, “project”, “intend”, “plan”, “believe”, and other words and terms of similar meaning 
in connection with a description of potential earnings or financial performance. Any and all forward looking statements here or on any materials in this website are 
intended to express an opinion of earnings potential. Many factors will be important in determining your actual results and no guarantees are made that you will achieve results
similar to the Author or anybody else, in fact no guarantees are made that you will achieve any results from the Authors ideas and techniques found in this website. 
You are advised to do your own due diligence when it comes to making business decisions and should use caution and seek the advice of qualified professionals. 
You should check with your accountant, financial adviser, lawyer, or professional adviser, before acting on this or any information.  You may not consider any examples, 
programming code, documents, or other content in this website or otherwise provided by the Author to be the equivalent of professional advice.

The Author assumes no responsibility for any losses or damages resulting from your use of any link, information, or opportunity contained in this website or within any 
other information disclosed by the Author in any form whatsoever. The materials in this website are provided as-is and without warranties of any kind either express or 
implied. The Author does not warrant that defects will be corrected, or that that the site or the server that makes this website available is free of viruses or other 
harmful components. The Author does not make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this website in terms of their correctness, 
accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall the Author be liable for any special or consequential damages 
that result from the use of, or the inability to use this website, even if the Author or his authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
In no event shall the Authors total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort, including but not limited to, negligence or 
otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for use of this website.

Facts and information are believed to be accurate at the time they were placed in this website.  All data provided in this website is to be used for information purposes only. 
The information contained with in is not intended to provide specific legal, financial or tax advice, or any other advice whatsoever, for any individual or company and should 
not be relied upon in that regard. The services described are only offered in jurisdictions where they may be legally offered. Information provided is not all-inclusive, and 
is limited to information that is made available and such information should not be relied upon as all-inclusive or accurate.

All external links and advertisements are for informational purposes only and all parties associated with The Author do not assume any responsibility for their contents.
